SAML: IdP-initiated SSO docs (#28280)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/saml.md

SAML authentication integration allows your Grafana users to log in by using an external SAML 2.0 Identity Provider (IdP). To enable this, Grafana becomes a Service Provider (SP) in the authentication flow, interacting with the IdP to exchange user information.

> The SAML single sign-on (SSO) standard is varied and flexible. Our implementation contains the subset of features needed to provide a smooth authentication experience into Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SAML single sign-on (SSO) standard is varied and flexible. Our implementation contains a subset of features needed to provide a smooth authentication experience into Grafana.
```

### Signature algorithm

> Only available in Grafana v7.3+

> The SAML standard recommends using digital signature for some types of messages, like authentication or logout requests. If `signature_algorithm` option configured, Grafana will put digital signature into SAML requests. Supported signature types are `rsa-sha1`, `rsa-sha256`, `rsa-sha512`. This option should match your IdP configuration, otherwise, signature validation fails. Grafana uses key and certificate configured with `private_key` and `certificate` options for signing SAML requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SAML standard recommends using a digital signature for some types of messages, like authentication or logout requests. If the `signature_algorithm` option is configured, Grafana will put a digital signature into SAML requests. Supported signature types are `rsa-sha1`, `rsa-sha256`, `rsa-sha512`. This option should match your IdP configuration, otherwise, signature validation will fail. Grafana uses key and certificate configured with `private_key` and `certificate` options for signing SAML requests.
```

- The `/saml/metadata` endpoint, which contains the SP metadata. You can either download and upload it manually, or youmake the IdP request it directly from the endpoint. Some providers name it Identifier or Entity ID.
- The `/saml/acs` endpoint, which is intended to receive the ACS (Assertion Customer Service) callback. Some providers name it SSO URL or Reply URL.

### IdP-initiated Single Sign-On (SSO)

> Only available in Grafana v7.3+

> By default Grafana allows only service provider (SP) initiated logins (when user logs in with SAML via Grafana's login page). If you want to allow users log in into Grafana directly from your identity provider (IdP), set the `allow_idp_initiated` configuration option to `true` and configure `relay_state` to the same value as specified in the IdP configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Grafana allows only service provider (SP) initiated logins (when the user logs in with SAML via Grafana’s login page). If you want users to log in into Grafana directly from your identity provider (IdP), set the `allow_idp_initiated` configuration option to `true` and configure `relay_state` with the same value specified in the IdP configuration.
```

IdP-initiated SSO has some security risks, so make sure you understand the risks before enabling this feature. When using IdP-initiated SSO, Grafana receives unsolicited SAML requests and can't verify that login flow was started by the user. This makes it hard to detect whether SAML message has been stolen or replaced. Because of this, IdP-initiated SSO is vulnerable to login cross-site request forgery (CSRF) and man in the middle (MITM) attacks. We do not recommend using IdP-initiated SSO and keeping it disabled whenever possible.

> ### Single Logout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Single logout
```

> Only available in Grafana v7.3+

> Single Logout feature allows user to log out from all applications associated with current IdP session established via SAML SSO. If `single_logout` option set to `true` and user logs out, Grafana requests IdP to terminate user session. Then IdP triggers logout process for all other applications which user logged in with the same IdP session (application should support single logout). And conversely, if another application connected to the same IdP initiates single logout, Grafana gets logout request from IdP and terminates user session.

Reviewer 2: Single Logout feature allows users to log out from all applications associated with the current IdP session established via SAML SSO. If the `single_logout` option is set to `true` and a user logs out, Grafana requests IdP to end the user session which in turn triggers logout from all other applications the user is logged into using the same IdP session (applications should support single log out). Conversely, if another application connected to the same IdP starts a single log out, Grafana receives a logout request from IdP and ends the user session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single Logout feature allows users to log out from all applications associated with the current IdP session established via SAML SSO. If the `single_logout` option is set to `true` and a user logs out, Grafana requests IdP to end the user session which in turn triggers logout from all other applications the user is logged into using the same IdP session (applications should support single log out). Conversely, if another application connected to the same IdP starts a single log out, Grafana receives a logout request from IdP and ends the user session.
```

I tweaked this a little as single logout refers to the name of a standard👇

```suggestion
SAML's single logout feature allows users to log out from all applications associated with the current IdP session established via SAML SSO. If the `single_logout` option is set to `true` and a user logs out, Grafana requests IdP to end the user session which in turn triggers logout from all other applications the user is logged into using the same IdP session (applications should support single logout). Conversely, if another application connected to the same IdP logs out using single logout, Grafana receives a logout request from IdP and ends the user session.
```
